    /*
The RTP header contains a number of fields.
 Two fields always require additional specification by the RTP payload format, namely the RTP Timestamp and the marker bit.
 Certain RTP payload formats also use the RTP sequence number to realize certain functionalities, primarily related to the
 order of their application data units. The payload type is used to indicate the used payload format. The Sender Source Identifier
 (SSRC) is used to distinguish RTP packets from multiple senders and media streams. Finally, [RFC5285] specifies how to transport
 payload format independent metadata relating to the RTP packet.

Marker Bit:
    A single bit normally used to provide important indications. In audio it is normally used to indicate the start of a talk burst.
    This enables jitter buffer adaptation prior to the beginning of the burst with minimal audio quality impact. In video the marker
    bit is normally used to indicate the last packet part of a frame. This enables a decoder to finish decoding the picture, where it
    otherwise may need to wait for the next packet to explicitly know that the frame is finished.
Timestamp:
    The RTP timestamp indicates the time instant the media main belongs to. For discrete media like video, it normally indicates
    when the media (frame) was sampled. For continuous media it normally indicates the first time instance the media present in the payload represents.
    For audio this is the sampling time of the first main. All RTP payload formats must specify the meaning of the timestamp value
    and the clock rates allowed. Selecting timestamp rate is an active design choice and is further discussed in Section 5.2.
    Discontinuous transmissions (DTX) that is common among speech codecs, typically results in gaps or jumps in the timestamp values due
    to that there is no media payload to transmit and the next used timestamp value represent the actual sampling time of the data transmitted.
Sequence Number:
    The sequence number is monotonically increasing and is set as the packet is sent. This property is used in many payload formats
    to recover the order of everything from the whole stream down to fragments of application data units (ADUs) and the order they need to be decoded.
    Discontinuous transmissions do not result in gaps in the sequence number, as it is monotonically increasing for each sent RTP packet.
Payload Type:
    The payload type is used to indicate on a per packet basis which format is used. The binding between a payload type number and a payload
    format and its configuration are dynamically bound and RTP session specific. The configuration information can be bound to a payload type
    value by out-of-band signalling [signal]. An example of this would be video decoder configuration information. Commonly the same payload
    type is used for a media stream for the whole duration of a session. However, in some cases it may be necessary to change the payload
    format or its configuration during the session.
SSRC:
    The Synchronisation Source Identifier (SSRC) is normally not used by a payload format other than to identify the RTP timestamp and sequence
    number space a packet belongs to, allowing simultaneously reception of multiple media sources. However, some of the RTP mechanisms for improving
    resilience to packet loss uses multiple SSRCs to separate original data and repair or redundant data.
Header Extensions:
    RTP payload formats often need to include metadata relating to the payload data being transported. Such metadata is sent as a payload header,
    at the start of the payload section of the RTP packet. The RTP packet also includes space for a header extension [RFC5285]; this can be used
     to transport payload format independent metadata, for example a SMPTE time code for the packet [RFC5484]. The RTP header extensions are not
     intended to carry headers that relate to a particular payload format., and must not contain information needed in order to decode the payload.

The remaining fields do not commonly influence the RTP payload format. The padding bit is worth clarifying as it indicates that one or more bytes
are appended after the RTP payload. This padding must be removed by a receiver before payload format processing can occur. Thus it is completely
separate from any padding that may occur within the payload format itself.

     */